Yo
You
You st
You stan
You stand
You stand wi
You stand with
You stand with a
You stand with a d
You stand with a dra
You stand with a drago
You stand with a dragon
You stand with a dragon of
You stand with a dragon of H
You stand with a dragon of Hou
You stand with a dragon of House
You stand with a
dragon of House T
dragon of House Tar
You stand with a
dragon of House Targa
dragon of House Targary
You stand with a dragon
of House Targaryen
of House Targaryen!
This dragon came to me.
She wishes him to be
instructed in dragon-riding.
The lowborn cannot go
around seizing dragons.
With these riders. we
can end a needless war.
House Targaryen is the
blood of the dragon.
If any may lay claim to
it. what are we then?
♪
We will make an alliance
with the Triarchy.
I've had enough of
this cursed blockade.
You cannot mean to treat
with the Free Cities.
♪
I thank Your Grace
for her blessings.
♪
All my life I have
endeavoured to serve.
and somehow none of it matters.
Sir Rickard. I wish to go out.
♪
There are older
things in this world
than you. or I.
or living memory.
You are not the player.
but a piece on the board.
Do you accept me as
your queen and ruler?
♪
I wish you to go to Harrenhal.
Find out his intentions.
whether he means to raise a
host for me or for himself.
I have received rumour
of the dragon
Seasmoke with a rider.
The rider is your brother.
If it is something
in the blood...
I am of salt and sea. I
yearn for nothing else.
You misled me. my lady.
There is a large
dragon in the Vale.
♪
It is large. and formidable.
But. alas. wild.
The Riverlands are
held together by oaths.
Then we shall go to
face your vassals
and you will call
your lands to war.
There is a problem.
They all hate you.
The old ways call for
justice to be done.
Seize him.
He must now rectify
his grievous error.
No. no. no!
It crushes whoever wears it.
I push him on your instruction.
He is spent.
It will be long before
he may rest again.
They're looking for
Targaryen bastards.
Each of you has
left behind a life
to which you might never return.
If you survive. you
will be transformed.
The dragon Vermithor.
(Roaring and screams)
And Silverwing.
♪
Who among you would be first?
(Wild laughter)
♪
(Roaring)
Let us raise an
army of bastards.
(epic theme playing)
Free Gift Cards and Tech Items with
Southwest Points: www.fairylandshop.me
♪♪
(theme concludes)
(tense music playing)
(indistinct chatter)
Tyroshi captain:
These are our terms.
One hundred of your
golden dragons.
- Tyland Lannister: Per ship?
- (captain chuckles)
captain: Per man.
Tyland: I could not
produce such a coin.
even if I wanted to.
Myrish captain: Again.
you plead poverty.
It is hollow stuff from
the mouth of a Lannister.
Whose very stables
and sculleries
are carved into a
mountain of gold.
And we will need it
before this war is done.
Break the blockade and
it will benefit you.
Do you think that
we lack for buyers
for our tapestries and perfumes?
We sell where we please.
blockade or no.
Essos is as rich as it is vast.
It seems you need us
more than we need you.
- (sighs)
- (indistinct chatter)
The Stepstones.
(scoffs) What of them?
Give us the Stepstones.
A smattering of rocks...
hardly a sacrifice to
the lords of Westeros.
I... Those rocks have been
disputed for a generation.
Your...
pirates have waylaid ships.
taken slaves. cargo...
Give them to us
outright. if you prevail.
and all that will cease.
We will impose a simple tax
on those passing through.
Recoup the losses
we took fighting
- the Velaryon hordes.
- Tyland: Extortion.
You will drive up the
price of basic goods.
It is better than
starving. surely.
Myrish captain: A fleet of warships.
then. sailing at your command.
- They would break the blockade...
- Tyland: Hm.
And hold the passage.
Very well.
The prince regent may
have me hanged for this.
With the armada we send now.
you can topple the prince regent
and sit the Iron
Throne yourself.
- (grunts) - Myrish captain: Of
course. there is one more condition.
(sighs)
Tyland: I was...
rather set on a bath
and a flagon of wine.
Myrish captain: The
commander of our fleet
must agree to go with you.
His name is Lohar. The sailors
are fiercely loyal to him.
If. if he does not lead them.
they will not fight.
Very well.
Let us meet this commander then.
(clears throat. grunts)
- (flies buzzing)
- (indistinct chatter)
Admiral Lohar...
this is Tyland Lannister.
of Casterly Rock.
Well met. Lord Tywin.
Uh...
it's Tyland.
What sort of man are you?
- I beg your pardon?
- A poet...
a philosopher?
I am the master of
ships at King's Landing.
- You're thin.
- But also tall.
I will not sail with a
man who cannot best me.
(quiet laughter)
(indistinct chatter)
At. at what?
(tense music playing)
(grumbles. roars)
♪♪
(people wailing. screaming)
(music fades out)
(Orwyle pouring tea)
Some rum wouldn't go amiss.
Your Grace.
Just a little.
(distant bell tolling)
You're a good man. Orwyle.
(door opens)
(Aegon drinking)
(birds chirping)
A word. Your Grace?
(exhales. clears throat)
(door closes)
I must ask you. Your
Grace. to steel yourself.
We must leave King's
Landing. quickly.
and we will not
return for some time.
- What?
- The Pretender has found three new riders for her dragons.
- That's impossible.
- Your brother thought the same.
He flew to challenge
her and was rebuffed.
Fled in terror.
from what I hear.
He deserves no less.
Be that as it may. he has
gone in fury to Sharp Point...
and laid waste to the
whole of the town.
Fucking mad cunt.
She really did it then?
I fear so.
So. what was the fucking
point in all this then?
The gods are cruel. Your Grace.
but I hope you can
see the urgency.
No. no. I am the
king. Why must I run?
Because the prince regent
is going to kill you.
You were in danger before.
and now. he is thwarted
and he is angry.
There is no telling
what he will do.
but we have an opportunity
- while he is away...
- An opportunity to push him out.
Take me to my throne
and once he returns. I shall
take him prisoner... hm?
And what then?
When Rhaenyra descends on
you with her seven dragons.
and you. without
Vhagar. what then?
W...
Uh...
I have. over the years.
in anticipation of
little bumps in the road.
moved the greater part of
Harrenhal's gold reserves
to the Iron Bank in Braavos.
We can live... well
and remain until what
is coming has passed.
(weak laughter)
Y... You want to
take me to Essos
to live with the goatfuckers.
It's best to live. I think.
- However you do it.
- Is it?
My dragon is dead.
I am burnt...
and disgusting... and alone.
And I'm a cripple.
You are not alone.
My cock is destroyed.
did they tell you that?
Yeah. It burst into flames
like a sausage on the spit.
Do not despair. Your Grace.
There are better days ahead.
Let your brother
and the Pretender
destroy themselves in
blood and bitterness.
When they are spent.
and their armies in tatters.
we will return.
and the people will
rise up to meet us.
I can't even piss without
it running down my leg.
They will be tired of
endless deprivation and fear.
They will hail the
returning king...
his father's true heir.
Aegon the Victorious...
risen from the ashes.
Aegon the Peacemaker.
Aegon the Rebuilder.
Aegon. the Realm's Delight.
- (tense music playing)
- (wind blowing)
(heavy breathing)
(water flowing)
(gasps)
♪♪
Ulf: This is more like
it. Hugh. don't you think?
Hugh: We're meant to be at the
training yards learnin' the commands.
Ulf: Yeah. and I will go.
but surely they'd not deny
me my pleasure after so long.
- I may never eat fish again.
- (music fades out)
What are you doing here?
Remove your feet from the table.
- Ulf: I'd rather not.
- Hugh: Ulf.
It's not up to you... Ulf.
Who's it up to then... boy?
He is the prince. Ulf.
Prince Jacaerys Velaryon.
Right here. (chuckles)
Who'd have thought it?
He lives here.
I'll have an apology from you.
Ah! The young prince!
And look at that hair.
As dark as they say.
Let them tell us we don't
have Targaryen blood. eh?
- My mother is the queen and...
- Dragonriders both.
You and I... cut
from the same cloth.
It is a sacred inheritance
of which you know nothing.
Forgive him. my prince.
He is not much used to
the manners of court.
Or any manners at all. I'd say.
Do you know what has
happened this last hour. hm?
The so-called prince regent
has burned Sharp Point
down to its stones.
Thousands of its
folk dead or lost.
Its harbor in ashes.
Will you prepare to
face such an enemy?
Or will you stay here
and make yourself easy?
If you hinder our efforts
through sloth or unreadiness.
I will see you hanged.
and your body fed to
the dogs in the street.
I-I meant no
disrespect. my prince.
(indistinct chatter)
Rhaenyra Targaryen: The new
riders are a boon to us.
but now the deed is done.
I cannot erase my doubts.
We know little of who they are.
and what is the strength
of their character.
Addam of Hull. at
least. is known to you.
He's a shipwright in my employ.
and it is reported to me that
he is a man of integrity.
I've had little to do
with him... to my regret.
But the beasts
have been claimed.
You now have a great advantage.
You must strike. quickly.
while the prince regent
mulls his next action.
I had hoped my advantage
may be in deterrence.
Vhagar has ever been
our foremost threat.
and she is now overmatched.
Vhagar is not his only dragon.
W... The third
brother is untested.
has never left Oldtown.
and his dragon is
younger than Vermax.
But a dragon nonetheless.
And you forget another.
Helaena?
She does not ride. She
has no taste for it.
She may yet be compelled.
- And her dragon...
- Dreamfyre.
hatched when the
Conqueror was king.
She is formidable.
Still. Helaena is no warrior.
Aemond thought
himself invincible.
He has now discovered he is not.
He'll be angry. desperate.
He will not stop at
burning Sharp Point.
and he will not be denied.
You speak truly...
though I wish it was not so.
(soft chuckle)
(indistinct chatter)
How goes the Sea Snake?
Better than new.
We'll rejoin the
blockade on the morrow.
Let our foes beware. be
they Lannister or Greyjoy.
But... my ship is no
longer the Sea Snake.
She was a testament
to my own glory.
I've given her a new name.
The Queen Who Never Was.
Rhaenyra: Corlys...
I thank you.
(soft chuckle)
What I do now... I do for her.
Your Grace. you are ready.
You have six dragons
under your banner.
My ships sail at your command.
and my men serve you.
But the Lannisters are marching.
and the Hightowers from Oldtown.
You must crush this
beast at its head
and before too many
days have flown.
There is. of course...
another player that
has yet to be revealed.
Ah. Your Grace. a word.
It seems the sheep on our
land has been sold upriver.
My vassals have sent a
drove of swine instead.
Dragons do eat pigs. I assume?
Caraxes prefers them.
How goes your muster?
We'll be ready to march
in two days' time.
- See to those pigs.
- At once. Your Grace.
Your Grace... Ser Alfred
Broome has come to see you.
(laughs) Interesting.
I am sent as an
emissary from the queen.
to ascertain your movements
and your intentions.
You've arrived just in time
to see my new army. Broome.
What do you think of it?
It's very large.
(Daemon chuckles softly)
Lannister hesitates.
I aim to march on King's
Landing before he can catch me.
May I have a word in
private. Your Grace?
I would speak honestly with you.
Daemon Targaryen: I'd
expect nothing less.
Alfred Broome: I was faithful
to the king. your brother.
I pledged my banners
to Rhaenyra. his heir.
I will never serve the usurpers
or the whelps of Oldtown.
but there are battles
to be fought...
- voice (whispers): Traitor.
- And in times like this...
Did you hear something?
This place will have
you barking at the moon.
While you have mustered an army.
Rhaenyra has faltered...
turning aside from our judgment.
and taking a course. I
myself. deem reckless.
Rhaenyra will chart her own
course. for good or ill.
But you are a leader of men.
If you declare yourself.
your lords will follow you.
I never took you
for a turncloak...
Ser Alfred.
Rhaenyra's intentions are good.
But what we need.
in this moment...
is a king.
(tense music playing)
(chuckles)
(sighs)
♪♪
Jasper "Ironrod" Wylde: It
appears that the Pretender
sent boats to collect
those among the smallfolk
who believed they had any
drop of Targaryen blood.
Deception and subterfuge.
Cowards. all of them. Put
an end to this madness.
Let no vessel come or go from our
harbor without our inspection.
This will hinder the work
of the fishing boats.
The people depend on
them for sustenance.
They will need no sustenance
if they are slaughtered
by the enemy.
We must all make our sacrifices.
Helaena Targaryen: Why
does everybody hate us?
Alicent Hightower:
They're unhappy...
and unhappy people look
for someone to hate.
We didn't order the blockade.
No. but we are the crown. so
they expect us to break it.
Drink this.
I was happier
before I was queen.
What would you think
about leaving this place?
(birds cawing)
Where would I go?
(knocks on door)
The prince regent. Your Grace.
Helaena. Here you are. Mother.
- I was just. just going to bed.
- The crown has need of your service.
- Now?
- The Pretender has raised new riders against us.
and we must answer in kind.
I need you to fly with
Dreamfyre to battle.
- Aemond.
- I do not wish to fight.
Our wishes must take
second place now
to what is necessary
to preserve the throne.
I won't burn anyone.
It isn't a question.
- Aemond.
- They have defiled our birthright.
- made commoners into dragonlords!
- Ow. ow!
- Aemond! Aemond!
- It is a sin and must be punished!
- May I remind you your sister is still the queen?
- Ow!
As you were once!
And you see now
what is the consequence
of your weakness!
We are in peril today
more than yesterday!
Was it peril that moved you to
burn the town of Sharp Point?
Peril or basest fury at
your own humiliation?
Ow!
You wish to rule
the Seven Kingdoms.
but you rain ruin and
death upon its smallfolk
when you've been insulted
because it makes you feel strong
and now you seek to
corrupt your sister.
of all our line. the
gentlest and most deserving
- of your protection.
- And who will protect her
if she cannot protect herself?
And who will she be if
her mind is broken?!
'Tis no longer our rule
that is threatened.
our very lives.
- Would you not have us prevail?
- Not like this.
Not like this!
(light. tense music playing)
Grand Maester
Orwyle: Your Grace.
Grand Maester.
I must again request
your assistance.
I need passage.
And your discretion.
(solemn music playing)
- (quiet chatter)
- (ambient nature sounds)
Gwayne Hightower: Do you
think nothing of your oath...
Lord Commander?
I think of nothing
else. my lord.
Steward's son from Dorne
fucking the queen of
the Seven Kingdoms.
Former queen.
She has broken no oath.
for all I may have done.
- I could send you to the Wall.
- You could.
Stain the Hightower
name for a generation.
- King's mother and his Hand.
- She is my sister.
(inhales)
She saved my life.
Twice.
Once from the headsman's
axe and once from myself.
Since then. she has been
the beacon I follow.
Do not think I have
no shame in me. ser.
Desire for women has brought
me grief after grief.
- Gwayne: Then resist it.
- (Criston chuckles softly)
Oh. would that it
were so simple.
Your brothers in the
Kingsguard find a way.
Do they?
Mm. perhaps they do.
Or perhaps all
men are corrupt...
and true honor is a mist
that melts in the morning.
That is a bleak philosophy.
I have no philosophy.
Or rather. my
philosophy was this.
To protect the righteous
and dispense
justice on the rest.
But now...
You saw what I saw.
The dragons dance. and men are
like dust under their feet.
And all our fine thoughts.
all our... endeavors
are as nothing.
We march now toward
our annihilation.
To die will be a kind of relief.
Don't you think?
(unsettling music playing)
- (Sharako yells)
- (crowd cheering)
(heavy breathing. grunts)
- (crowd shouting)
- (Sharako laughing)
(crowd shouting. laughing)
(Tyland yells. pants)
(Tyland grunting)
(Sharako laughs)
(yells. grunts)
(heavy breathing)
(groaning)
(laughs)
(crowd chanting "Lohar")
(grunting)
(crowd quiets)
- (grunts)
- (Sharako yelps)
(heavy breathing)
(all silent)
(spits)
You have impressed
me. Lord Tyman.
King's Landing has sent a
most doughty ambassador.
(panting)
I hope... you will testify to
the worth of the ambassador...
by agreeing to his most
(pants) humble request.
I will most certainly
consider it.
(spits)
After dinner.
Have you ever eaten the
flesh of your enemies?
(panting) What?
I have not and I would not.
So you reject the
hospitality of my house.
- (laughs)
- (crowd laughs)
A jest. my lord.
(laughing) What do
you take me for?
A jest!
Come.
- (grunts)
- (crowd yells. laughs)
(nearby dragon grumbles)
It does not befit
a prince to pout.
I'm not pouting.
What would you call it. then?
- I'm reading.
- While your mother waits?
You're angry.
Aren't you?
I don't see what
good it would do.
They are an insult to us.
To what makes us Targaryens.
If any common lout
can ride a dragon.
- then...
- That does not make me common. Or you.
- You know what I am.
- I don't care.
You are the crown prince.
the son of the rightful queen.
and here you are sulking
because you believe that
if not for the dragon
or the trappings
of your station.
that you are nothing.
(chuckles) Do you believe that
you are the first noble heir
who was not sired
by his noble father?
Such is the way of
the world. Jace.
and in resenting it. you
only diminish yourself.
Easy enough to say.
I've heard the whispers
the whole of my life.
Then prove to them
that you are worthy.
Get up and take your place
by your mother's side.
(light. tense music playing)
(wind blowing)
(shivering)
♪♪
Tyland (singing halfheartedly): ♪
Here come my lads. my comely boys ♪
♪ And split your sacks ashore ♪
♪ For you'll be
sail-sailing many days ♪
♪ Afore you get some more ♪
♪ So grease the mast
and send it up ♪
♪ Betwixt the wind and water ♪
♪ Hoist. me lads.
and hoist again ♪
♪ Salute the
captain's daughter ♪
Well done. Lord Tyrod!
Good song. well delivered.
(indistinct chatter)
(futilely) It's Tyland.
You have proven yourself
most accommodating.
And more accomplished than one
would think. to look at you.
Hm. Well... Hm.
I will be pleased to
sail at your side.
- Oh.
- And my captains with me.
(chattering stops)
To the Gullet on the morrow!
(all cheering)
And let the Sea Snake
rue the day we meet again.
(all cheering)
Ya! My king will
be well pleased.
To friendship!
(cheering)
(percussive music playing)
(indistinct chatter)
It is late.
(Tyland clears throat)
Oh!
Before you go...
Lord Tyland.
Mm.
You are a handsome man.
and you have proven
your worth and virility.
I wish to have children by you.
(stammers) You. you...
You want me to...
Indeed.
I want you to fuck my wives.
How many wives do you have?
Ulf: (gulps) More wine here!
Taming a dragon is thirsty work.
Oh. and some more of
these little birds.
(sighs)
Rhaenyra: A toast.
To our new riders.
The three of you are
not of noble birth.
but you have done a thing
never dreamed of before now.
- (Ulf chuckling)
- (Jacaerys sighs)
I have entrusted you with a
power only few have known.
And I charge you to take it
up with fealty and respect.
Serve me well. and I will
make you knights of the realm.
Huh? What do you
think of that. boys?
We'll be knights...
just like that.
We will not fail you. my queen.
What must we do?
I had thought the mere fact of
you might stay the enemy's hand.
But Lord Corlys is right.
We must strike while we
have the advantage...
and end this war.
Learn your beasts
and your commands.
You will fly in two days' time.
The strongholds of the usurper.
Oldtown and Lannisport.
and their armies.
all must be subdued.
Alone. without allies. he will
have no choice but to surrender.
You wish for us
to kill innocents.
- And so many.
- Jacaerys Velaryon: It is hard...
but it cannot be helped.
(Ulf grunts)
We must break the
will of our enemy...
or more will die in a struggle
that stretches on without end.
What about Vhagar?
She is fearsome...
but she is one dragon.
The prince regent cannot
defend against all of us.
I'll take him on myself.
Silverwing's a goer. she is.
- We're afraid of nothing.
- Addam of Hull: Hm.
- Even if you are.
- There will be time enough
to see which one
of us is a coward.
I said more of
these little birds!
A knight will comport himself
with grace at the queen's table.
Best make me a knight. then.
You forget yourself...
friend.
(scoffs)
A sense of humor
would do you all good.
(footsteps approach)
(whispers) There is a message
from Harrenhal. Your Grace.
Daemon?
The castellan. Ser Simon Strong.
Daemon has raised his army...
- but Ser Simon fears treachery.
- (sighs)
I will not allow it.
Addam...
come with me.
Ulf: Thank you.
Birds.
(water dripping)
Do you never sleep. witch?
I'm goin' to the godswood.
(wind blowing)
(antlered human shape
clip-clopping. grumbles)
(eerie music playing)
When you came here.
you were a closed fist.
You wished to bend the
world to your will.
But you've discovered.
I think. that...
this world will not be governed.
There are omens here
for those who seek them.
You do not scoff?
- I'm no longer inclined to.
- (Alys chuckles)
I'm pleased to hear it.
♪♪
Do you wish. then. to
learn what is given to you?
All your life. you
have sought to command
your own fate.
(grabs Daemon's hand)
But today you are ready.
♪♪
(bark crackling)
(music intensifies)
(crackling)
(raven cawing)
♪♪
(soldiers fighting)
(explosion booms)
(light music playing)
(dragon calls. screeches)
♪♪
(powerful music playing)
Helaena (echoes):
It's all a story...
and you are but one part in it.
You know your part.
- (music fades out)
- (wind blowing)
(bark crackling)
You know what you must do.
(footsteps approach)
Sister.
We share the same blood.
you and I.
I know you wish
no harm to anyone.
But in a time like this.
when the good of the
realm depends on us...
Our mother is not a dragonrider.
She cannot understand
that you and I have
a truer call to heed.
Come with me...
to Harrenhal?
We will lay waste to
Daemon and his army.
Let our enemy see that we will
answer outrage with outrage.
And if I refuse?
Will you burn me
as you did Aegon?
- That is a lie.
- I saw it.
You burned him and
you let him fall.
What you say is treason.
Aegon will be king again.
He's yet to see victory.
He sits on a wooden throne.
And you...
(whispers) you'll be dead.
You were swallowed
up in the God's Eye.
and you were never seen again.
(light. tense music playing)
(whispers) I could
have you killed.
(softly) It wouldn't
change anything.
♪♪
- (intense music playing)
- (Syrax roars)
(Seasmoke roars)
(Caraxes grumbles)
(roars)
♪♪
(all yelling)
(singers vocalizing)
(dragons calling)
(screeches)
(roars)
♪♪
I am the castellan. Ser
Simon Strong. Your Grace.
Well met.
Welcome to Harrenhal. my queen.
I did not think to
see you here yourself.
(exhales) Your message
gave me much concern.
Yes. I must admit I
had reason to fear.
But come. see for yourself.
(Seasmoke calls)
(indistinct chatter)
(chatter quiets)
(Syrax screeching)
(roars)
(silence)
(light. tense music playing)
♪♪
I wasn't expecting you.
That seems rather a
lapse in foresight.
- I see you have done well here.
- They are sworn to me.
And not a moment too soon.
And to whom are you sworn?
(speaking High Valyrian)
The realm's only hope...
is a leader who can unite it
and my brother chose... you.
(light music playing)
You are the true
queen. Rhaenyra.
First of Her Name.
Protector of the Realm.
I am meant to serve you.
and all of these with me.
until death
or the end of our story.
(music intensifies)
(music softens)
(speaking High Valyrian)
My queen.
(shouting) For every
one of us who falls...
a hundred of them!
There will be no mercy!
We fight for our queen!
(all cheering)
(heroic music playing)
(Daemon shouting)
♪♪
(music softens)
(cranking)
(indistinct chatter)
(seagulls cawing)
You sent for me. Lord Hand.
Gulls are flying low today.
The weather will change.
Not until late. I think. but...
- I will ready the storm sails.
- We join the blockade.
and are like to find ourselves
in peril. sooner than late.
I wish to set out on good
terms with my first mate.
Have I been remiss in my duties?
You've done what is
asked of you. and more.
But you are curt... silent.
and the men find you distant.
You cannot lead if
you do not inspire.
Well. I never asked to
lead. as you well know.
You have been given a position to
which all who serve here aspire.
Forgive me. my lord.
I will endeavor
to improve myself.
(birds cawing)
(softly) I am
trying to help you.
You want to help me?
Is this the help you offer
after all these years?
A reminder to be grateful?
I mean no offense.
You may go.
Do you know what
it was like for us?
To grow up fatherless...
to be sneered upon as bastards.
never sure of the
bread to feed us?
D-D-Do you know what
hunger does to a boy?
What grief does?
- Or shame?
- You are dismissed.
I sold fish in the market
from cold dawn until sunset.
putting by coppers to
stave off the winter.
and I watched the man
who sired me walk past
with his son and heir
with a fur around
his shoulders...
choosing sweetmeats to eat
after supper by the fire.
And now that boy is dead.
And his sister before him.
And the heir that
took his place.
And now. now. now
you remember I live.
Now you wish to...
suddenly to scatter the
crumbs of your favor.
I am an honorable man. and I
will serve you because I must.
But if it is all the same.
I will decline any
offers of help.
If I survive this war...
I will continue as I began...
alone.
(solemn music playing)
(panting)
- (dragon calls)
- (gasps)
(tense. exciting music playing)
(dragon calls)
(music fades out)
Mysaria: You have done what
no one else would dream of.
and you have been rewarded.
The gods favor you.
They put the means to
victory in your hands.
And yet. to claim
it. I must strike
and in striking. I doom
thousands to their deaths.
(dragons grumbling)
I do not believe my father
would've wished this.
He left you with no choice.
Be strong. You
know you are just.
You must not let the
Realm fall to those
who care for power
more than peace.
You must prevail.
And who pays the price?
(dragons grumbling. screeching)
(bangs on door)
Come.
(door opens)
Begging your pardon. Your Grace.
I had to see you.
- Who knows?
- None save my protector.
He laid down his
sword at your gate.
(sighs)
I've been. I
think... mistaken.
In what?
I was raised to believe
there was an order to things.
that there was security in
following the paths laid out for us.
I resented you. I think.
for... caring so
little for any of it.
for knowing what you wanted.
I did not know what I wanted.
I knew only what
was expected of me.
- Why have you come here?
- Because I lost my way.
Or rather. it was taken from me.
All those I put
my faith in. my...
- m-my husband. my father. my lover. my son...
- Ooh.
The incorruptible queen
sullies herself with a lover.
Do not judge me for what
you yourself have done.
Your father died. I took
comfort with another.
- I too have desires.
- Yes. but you alone made virtue your banner.
And I clung to it...
in defiance of you.
I think. who so disdained it.
I have been alone. of late.
I walked outside the
walls of the city
and I felt a weight
lifted from me.
- How lovely for you.
- I thought. for the first time.
what I would choose...
if not for the duty I
put before all else.
(chuckles) Shall you cast
your son down and rule alone?
No. I do not wish to
rule. I wish to live.
To be free of all this
endless plotting and striving.
The crown will pursue war
and victory at any cost.
I... (sniffles)
But as for me...
I would take my daughter and her
child and leave it all behind.
(chuckles) It's too
late... Alicent.
You said it yourself.
Blood has been shed.
cities burned. armies march.
and you wish to wash your hands
of what you yourself
set in motion.
Oh. the arrogance of blaming me.
as if you would not have
been challenged regardless.
Did not your hand bring
it forth like a midwife?
I did only what I thought
your father wanted.
Oh. go then.
Leave us behind. as you say.
(scoffs) Rhaenyra.
- Wander in the wilderness.
- (Alicent sighs)
What has it got to do with me?
Did you come here thinking
you would be absolved?
(sighs)
He never stopped loving
your mother. you know?
He was very fond of
me. and I of him.
but...
she was the vision
that sustained him
even after she herself
had slipped from
his grasp. it was
his love for her that
kept him resolute
in his choice of heir.
And yet. you believe
he wavered at the end.
Why have you come here?
(sniffles)
Aemond will soon fly to
join Cole in the Riverlands.
(deep breath)
When he's gone...
Helaena as queen will be
the crown's authority.
If you come then to King's
Landing. I will see to it
that our guards throw
down their arms.
we will open the gates.
we will shed no blood.
- You will enter as a conqueror.
- (laughs)
Already you have
the stronger hand.
Once you take the throne...
(deep breath) this
senseless war must end.
(softly) Right.
What of Aegon?
He's broken beyond recognition.
He lies in the dark.
in pain and terror.
He has many faults. but...
he still heeds his mother.
I believe I can prevail upon him
- to bend the knee. if indeed...
- No! Still...
you defend him.
Still you imagine you
can have all you want
without paying too high a price.
- a price I had no choice but to pay.
- What I want
is to set things right.
If I am to take the throne.
I must put an end
to the opposition.
I must take Aegon's head.
And I have to do
it for all to see.
You know this.
However you may try to
evade it. you know this.
Choose.
(deep breath)
Will you shrink from
what you set out to do?
Or will you see it through...
and make your sacrifice?
A son for a son.
(exhales)
(sniffles)
(sighs)
(deep breath)
(both crying softly)
You are much changed.
(sniffling) Let us be
done with this. please.
And what do I do with you now?
You let me go. to
do what I promised.
And you fly to the Red
Keep in three days' time.
and you take your throne.
Or you take me for a liar.
I have neither weapon nor armor.
My life itself is forfeit.
I... cast myself on
the mercy of a friend
who once loved me.
History will paint
you a villain.
A cold queen...
grasping for power.
and then defeated.
Let them think what they must.
I am at last myself...
with no ambition greater than to walk
where I please and to breathe the open air.
To die unremarked
and unnoticed...
and be free.
You speak as if from
a distant dream.
Come with me.
My part is here.
whether I will or no.
It was decided for me long ago.
(softly) Go.
(melancholy music playing)
(music intensifies)
(panting)
♪♪
(tense. anticipatory
music playing)
(roars)
♪♪
(panting)
(dragon grumbles)
(roars)
♪♪
(singers vocalizing)
(animals chattering)
♪♪
(vocalizing continues)
(music. vocalizing fades out)
(intense music playing)
♪♪
(singers vocalizing)
(music. vocalizing fades out)
Free Gift Cards and Tech Items with
Southwest Points: www.fairylandshop.me